I'm Peppa Pig.
This is my little brother,George.
This is Mummy Pig.
And this is Daddy Pig.
Peppa pig.
Pancakes!
It is teatime.
And Mummy Pig has a
surprise for everyone.
Today is a day for pancakes!
Pancakes! Delicious!
I love pancakes!
Everyone loves pancakes!
I'm the expert at
flipping the pancakes over!
Leave that to me!
Are you sure,Daddy Pig?
Last time you got a bit grumpy
When you dropped the pancake on the floor.
I did not get grumpy.
There Was a problem With the frying pan.
Mummy. Can We help make
the pancakes, please?
Yes. You can help me
make the batter.
First, I put some
flour in the bowl.
Ooooo!
Now, I add an egg.
Now, the milk.
And I give it all a stir.
Mummy, can I stir?
Yes, of course Peppa.
Peppa loves stirring.
George Wants to stir as Well.
No, George, like this!
Ok, that's enough stirring.
You two sit at the table
While I cook the pancakes.
Mummy Pig is going to flip
the pancake over!
Hurray!
You could flip it higher,
Mummy Pig.
You can show us how,
When you flip your own
pancake, Daddy Pig.
This first pancake is for George.
Mummy Pig pours a little
syrup on George's pancake.
Delicious!
This pancake is for Peppa.
Hurray!
Hmmm... you could flip it
higher, Mummy Pig.
You Will get a chance
to show me
When you flip you own
pancake, Daddy Pig.
Syrup, please!
Mmmmmm!
Delicious!
This pancake is
for Mummy Pig.
Hurray!
You still aren't flipping
them high enough,
Mummy Pig.
The next pancake is
yours, Daddy Pig.
So now you can show us
how it should be done.
Mmmmmm!
Delicious!
ls everyone Watching?
The secret of making
a good pancake
is to flip it high into the air.
One... two... three...
hoopla!
Silly Daddy!
Oh...maybe that Was
just a bit too high.
What a shame,
that Was the last pancake.
It should be a simple
matter to get it down.
Oh, dear. Daddy Pig cannot
reach his pancake.
Don't Worry, Daddy Pig,
I think I know a Way
to get it down.
Let's go upstairs, children.
This Way!
What is Mummy Pig
planning to do?
On the count of three,
We all have to start
jumping up and down.
One... two... three...
jump!
What are they doing?
It Worked!
Now Daddy Pig has his pancake.
Daddy has a pancake on his head!
Syrup on your pancake,
Daddy Pig?
Yes, please.
One... two... three...
hoopla!
Mmmmmm!
Delicious!
Silly Daddy.
I'm Peppa Pig.
This is my little brother, George.